Strategies for preclinical evaluation of dendritic cell subsets for promotion of transplant tolerance in the nonhuman primate.

AIM: To perform a systematic review of the efficacy of rabeprazole-based therapies in Helicobacter pylori eradication, and to conduct a meta-analysis comparing the efficacy of rabeprazole and other proton pump inhibitors when co-prescribed with antibiotics.

Comparison of data obtained in the follicular phase with those obtained in the luteal phase revealed differences in most pharmacokinetic parameters, which is seemingly indicative of the characteristic physiological changes associated with the luteal phase that largely affect the kinetics and availability of drugs such as ranitidine.

Clinical and epidemiological features of AIDS/tuberculosis comorbidity.

The effect of mitomycin C was also evident in the normal size alleles in two cell lines with alleles of 13/13 and 12/69 repeats, where treated cultures showed new longer alleles.

[Vitamin D: synthesis, metabolism, regulation, and an assessment of its deficiency in patients with chronic renal disease].

These disorders are caused by secondary hyperparathyroidism which develops as a result of mineral metabolism impairment, especially of hypocalemia, 25(OH)D deficiency, and insufficient synthesis of 1,25(OH)2D.

Low dose pramipexole is neuroprotective in the MPTP mouse model of Parkinson's disease, and downregulates the dopamine transporter via the D3 receptor.

OBJECTIVE: To investigate the efficacy of intratympanic dexamethasone injections (IDI) for 15 patients with intractable Meniere's disease (MD).

In recent studies, the BDNF expression was reduced by typical neuroleptics.

Localisation of heme oxygenase isoforms in allergic human nasal mucosa.

In conclusion, unlike iNOS, HO-1 is minimally expressed in the nasal respiratory epithelium of either group.

Patients with single brain lesion received an extra 3 Gy x 5 radiotherapy on the limited field of brain lesion within 1 week after WBRT.

RESULTS: Both sequential treatments relieved neurological symptoms of more than 80% of patients.

Myelosuppression was the main concentration-dependent toxicity.

CONCLUSION: Both sequential treatments can be safely performed for SCLC patients with brain metastases, may relieve neurological symptoms, and well control both primary and metastatic lesions.

METHODS: Primary HCC patients who underwent tumor resection were retrospectively analyzed.

CONCLUSION: The expressions of c-Myc, Ki-67, MMP-2 and VEGF in cancer tissues of the patients are related to the recurrence of their HCC after tumor resection.

The genetics of ray pattern variation in Caenorhabditis briggsae.

Asymptomatic patients are discovered incidentally during cardiac surgery for an unrelated condition or postmortem.

However, symptomatic patients may experience non-exertional paroxysmal stabbing chest pain.

Herein we describe the binding of three structurally diverse lipophilic drugs, bezafibrate, ibuprofen (both R- and S-isomers) and nitrazepam to I-FABP.

To clarify the precise mechanisms involved in the reduced coronary flow reserve in hypertension, we compared the effects of the angiotensin II type 1 (AT1) receptor antagonist FK-739 with those of the angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor enalapril for 6 weeks on the smooth muscle (SM) cell phenotype in intramyocardial arteries from male Wistar-Kyoto rats (WKY) and spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR).

Thus, a physiological concentration of GH stimulated the differentiation of B-lymphoid precursors from bone marrow stem cells.

Since mRNAs of both GH and GH receptor were present in stem cells and B-cell precursors in bone marrow, GH may modulate B-lymphoid precursors development in an autocrine or paracrine manner in bone marrows.

Search and identification of spermatozoa and spermatids in the ejaculate of non-obstructive azoospermic patients.

Nicotine induces conditioned place preferences over a large range of doses in rats.

In this report, by using an ideal mouse model that expresses IFN-gamma locally in muscle, we demonstrate that sustained low-level expression of IFN-gamma promotes the development of several types of tumor including H22 hepatoma, MA782/5S mammary adenocarcinoma and B16 melanoma.

The interventions investigated were: antibiotics (4); home versus hospital administration of antibiotics (1); steroids (1); mucolytic therapies (6); exercise (3) and pancreatic enzymes (1).

We report a case of primary cardiac epithelioid hemangioendothelioma arising from the right atrium of a 2-month-old infant.

However, plasma nitrite is readily oxidized to nitrate within plasma, and thus its utility as a marker of NO production within the clinical setting may be limited.

Alternatively, NOx (predominantly nitrate) is relatively stable in plasma (microM concentrations), but is produced by sources other than the vasculature and has been shown to be unsuitable as a measure of localized NO production.

tBid interaction with cardiolipin primarily orchestrates mitochondrial dysfunctions and subsequently activates Bax and Bak.

TNFR1/Fas engagement results in the cleavage of cytosolic Bid to truncated Bid (tBid), which translocates to mitochondria.

Cardiolipin-deficient yeast mitochondria did not exhibit any respiratory inhibition by tBid, proving the absolute requirement for cardiolipin for tBid binding and activity.

In contrast, the wild-type yeast mitochondria underwent a similar inhibition of ADP-stimulated respiration associated with reduced ATP synthesis.

We found that the expression of PDGF receptors and PDGF-BB-mediated cell growth are regulated by calcitriol in prostate cells.

CONCLUSION(S): In contrast to the effects of GnRH agonists to reduce chemotherapeutic destruction of primordial follicles, GnRH antagonists do not protect the ovary from the damaging effects of cyclophosphamide.

Kinetic studies on NF-kappaB-DNA interaction indicate that the diterpenoids decrease the B(max app) but have no effect on K(d app).

This suggests that this class of compounds interacts with both p65 and p50 subunits at a site other than the DNA binding site and subsequently modulates the binding affinity of the transcription factor toward DNA with different NF-kappaB binding sequences.

Extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy in the treatment of renal pelvicalyceal stones in morbidly obese patients.

In morbidly obese patients, since the kidney and stone are at a considerable distance from the skin (compared to non-obese patients) difficulty may be found in positioning the patient so that the stone is situated at the focal point of the lithotripter.

The most effective (87% success rate) and cost-efficient treatment was in the patients with pelvic stones.

CONCLUSION: We conclude that ESWL with the Siemens Lithostar-plus is the most effective and cost-efficient in morbidly obese patients with pelvic stones sized between 6 and 20 mm.

ESWL should not be considered as the first line of treatment in the morbidly obese patients with low caliceal stones where the stone was positioned more than 1 cm from the focal point on the extended shock pathway.

An unusual case of 4-year old girl presenting large tumor of the neck with massive calcification is described.

Apyrase/ATP-diphosphohydrolase hydrolyzes di- and triphosphorylated nucleosides in the presence of a bivalent ion with sequential release of orthophosphate.

PLP-nucleotide derivatives were unable to produce inactivation of potato apyrase.

Laparoscopic surgery for the management of obstruction of the gastric outlet and small bowel following previous laparotomy for major upper gastrointestinal resection or cancer palliation: a new concept.

BACKGROUND: Surgical relief of gastric outlet obstruction (GOO) or small bowel obstruction in patients who had undergone major resection or palliative bypass surgery for malignancy is conventionally achieved at a laparotomy.

The potential role of minimally invasive surgery in the management of these complications has not been previously explored.

In vivo follow-up of rat tumor models with 2-deoxy-2-[F-18]fluoro-D-glucose/dual-head coincidence gamma camera imaging.

METHODS: Three different animal tumor models (osteosarcoma, melanoma, and breast cancer) were studied after FDG injection.

Histological evaluation revealed dermal hemorrhage at 0.5 and 1 day.

Malignant smooth muscle tumours of soft tissue--a demographic and clinicopathological study at a tertiary care hospital.

LMS in the extremities was equally common in both genders, but trunk LMS was nearly twice as common in the females.

Because UDP-Glc is required in the synthesis of proteoglycans, N-linked glycoproteins, and glycosphingolipids, the role of these gly-coconjugates in the cellular sensitivity to Cp-PLC was studied.

The cellular sensitivity to Cp-PLC was significantly enhanced by glycosphingolipid synthesis inhibitors, and a mutant cell line deficient in gangliosides was found to be hypersensitive to Cp-PLC.

Removal of sialic acids by C. perfringens sialidase increases the sensitivity of cultured cells to Cp-PLC and intramuscular co-injection of C. perfringens sialidase, and Cp-PLC in mice potentiates the myotoxic effect of the latter.

RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: Clinical characteristics and serum VAP-1 levels in 20 morbidly obese subjects (mean BMI 38.84 kg/m(2)) were measured before and after vertical banded gastroplasty.

Liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectroscopy assay for quercetin and conjugated quercetin metabolites in human plasma and urine.

Neurocysticercosis (NCC) is one of the major causes of neurological disease in China.

ELISA and immunoblotting using glycoproteins purified by preparative isoelectric focusing were used to detect human cysticercosis in Tongliao area, Inner Mongolia, China in 1998.

Approximately 89% (39 of 44 inpatients and outpatients with suspected NCC at Tongliao City Hospital) were residents of Inner Mongolia.

These findings confirm that both ELISA and immunoblotting assays are sufficiently sensitive to detect asymptomatic or symptomatic cysticercosis patients.

Median benzene exposure was 61, 22, 21, 9 and 6 microg/m3, respectively, with higher levels in workers than in referents.

T cell immunity plays a critical role in controlling HIV-1 viremia, and encoding a limited set of HIV-1 genes within DNA and poxvirus vectors can, when used sequentially, induce high levels of T cell immunity in primates.

In 18 donors, PMNs were mobilized using rHuG-CSF + dexamethasone.

BAP31 and its caspase cleavage product regulate cell surface expression of tetraspanins and integrin-mediated cell survival.

Here we show that cell surface expression of the tetraspanins CD9 and CD81 is compromised in mouse cells from which the Bap31 gene has been deleted.

The current study assessed screening and preventive behaviors during 12 months after predictive genetic testing for hereditary nonpolyposis colorectal carcinoma (HNPCC) in an Australian clinical cohort.

CONCLUSIONS: Infective endocarditis is a rare illness in children and represents a diagnostic challenge.

Disruption and restoration of cell-cell junctions in mouse vestibular epithelia following aminoglycoside treatment.

Transient disruption of cell-cell junctions and down-expression of E-cadherin is a rational response for the deletion of dying hair cells, and may be associated with a limited capacity for cell proliferations in mammalian vestibular epithelia following their rapid restoration.

The difference in brine concentration had a very large impact on the salt in moisture content of the cheese.

Guillain-Barre syndrome (GBS) and chronic inflammatory demyelinating poly-(radiculo)neuropathy (CIDP) are immune-mediated disorders with a variable duration of progression and a range in severity of weakness.

Infections can trigger GBS and exacerbate CIDP.

Fifteen employees became ill with headaches, nausea, and vomiting due to chemical poisoning at a Vermont community hospital on January 3, 1980.

CONCLUSION: Overarching patterns in the data suggested that the occupational performance of mothers of children with disabilities is constrained by time, overlaid by difficult emotions, and involves a desire for increased social contact.

BACKGROUND: Total thyroidectomy is increasingly being adopted for patients requiring surgical treatment for Graves' disease based on a comparable surgical risk and the lack of recurrence, as well as the questionable ability of subtotal thyroidectomy to maintain euthyroidism.

BACKGROUND: The conversion of mild cognitive impairment (MCI) to Alzheimer's disease is associated with substantial compromise of neocortical circuits subserving rapid cognitive functions such as working memory.

Also, carryover of longer chain primary amines, hexylamine and octylamine, was substantially reduced by cleaning the injection syringe with ammonia and water vapor between sample injections.

Surprisingly, dorsal signaling molecules such as Chordin, Noggin, Xnr6 and Cerberus were not re-expressed in these embryos.

Underrepresentation of short palindromes in Selenomonas ruminantium DNA: evidence for horizontal gene transfer of restriction and modification systems?

The emerging family of hepatoblastoma tumours: from ontogenesis to oncogenesis.

Furthermore, an impressive amount of molecular biological information on liver ontogenesis and growth regulation of hepatic tumours has recently accumulated, which will allow the development of a comprehensive classification system with particular emphasis on prognostics.

Although antibiotic prophylaxis can decrease the incidence of surgical side infection, the benefits should be weighed against the risks of toxic and allergic reactions, dysbacteriosis, and the emergence of bacterial resistance.

CAPS patients had no differences by age, duration of the disease, its activity and symptoms from patients who had no CAPS.

Polyamines and polyamine toxins are biologically important molecules, having modulatory effects on nucleotides and proteins.

In women, fat mass in % explained the highest percentage of the variability of circulating acute-phase proteins (18.2% for CRP, 7.2% for SAA, 6.1% for FIB, all p-values < 0.001), whereas in men, WHR explained the highest percentage of the variability (6.2% for CRP, 2.3% for SAA, 1.8% for FIB, all p-values < 0.001).

BACKGROUND: The factors associated with recurrent restenosis after SES implantation for in-stent restenosis are unknown.

A cardiac event related to the target vessel occurred in 24 (24%) patients, and was associated with dialysis status (p < 0.05), lower ejection fraction (p < 0.05) and revascularization without SES in another site (p < 0.0001).

Sera of the mice immunized with i.m.

Sex hormone concentrations in patients with rheumatoid arthritis are not normalized during 12 weeks of anti-tumor necrosis factor therapy.

In contrast, compared to controls, serum levels of estrogens are normal or elevated in women with RA.

Serum levels of DHEAS and free testosterone were markedly lower at baseline in patients compared to controls, but this did not change during anti-TNF therapy.

CONCLUSION: Longterm therapy with anti-TNF did not change altered serum levels of typical sex hormones in patients with RA, although baseline values were largely different.

In patients with RA, this indicates that alterations of sex hormones and altered activity of respective converting enzymes are imprinted for a long-lasting period over at least 12 weeks.

We show that disruption of the Nrf2 gene leads to severe allergen-driven airway inflammation and hyperresponsiveness in mice.

Enhanced asthmatic response as a result of ovalbumin sensitization and challenge in Nrf2-disrupted mice was associated with more pronounced mucus cell hyperplasia and infiltration of eosinophils into the lungs than seen in wild-type littermates.

Nrf2 disruption resulted in an increased expression of the T helper type 2 cytokines interleukin (IL)-4 and IL-13 in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid and in splenocytes after allergen challenge.

The sensitivity of 18F-FDG PET for the identification of nodal metastases on a level-by-level basis was 22.1% higher than that of CT/MRI (74.7% vs. 52.6%, P < 0.001), whereas the specificity of 18F-FDG PET was 1.5% lower than that of CT/MRI (93.0% vs. 94.5%, P = 0.345).

RESULTS: The fraction of the range of ground-glass opacity and reticular opacity was greater in NSIP patients (32%, 12%) than in UIP patients (23%, 8%) (P < 0.001).

Patients with higher serum phosphorus (P) (group A: P > or = 7 mg/dl) were compared with those with lower serum P levels (group B: P < 7 mg/dl).

We surveyed a community sample of 423 adult men and women of African descent to determine acculturation's relationship to Black suicide.

Fasciolosis is an uncommon disease in this region, as are parasitic infections of the breast.

BAFF-R expression was found only in B-cell lymphoma (44/80, positive cases/examined cases): B-lymphoblastic lymphoma 0/3, B-chronic lymphocytic leukemia/small lymphocytic lymphoma 4/4, mantle cell lymphoma 9/11, follicular lymphoma 10/14, diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) 11/25, marginal zone B-cell lymphoma 8/10, lymphoplasmacytic lymphoma 2/2, plasma cell myeloma 0/2, and Burkitt lymphoma 0/9, but not in T/NK cell lymphomas (0/19) or Hodgkin lymphoma (0/10).

BAFF-R was expressed in most low-grade B-cell neoplasms and a small number of DLBCL, suggesting that BAFF-R may play an important role in the proliferation of neoplastic lymphoid cells.

PARTICIPANTS: We studied women with regular cycles (n = 36) and women with PCOS (n = 8).

CONCLUSIONS: These data demonstrate that inhibin A and inhibin B concentrations are significantly reduced in the follicular fluid of women with PCOS compared with those in the follicular fluid of size-matched follicles from normal women, consistent with the decreased inhibin subunit mRNA expression in previous studies.

In patients with diverticular disease, NSAID use increases the risk of severe diverticular infection and perforation.

This study investigated the effect of peritoneal lavage with oxygenated PFC (O2-PFC) against hemorrhagic shock and resuscitation (HS/R).

We conclude that treatment with O2-PFC lavage ameliorated HS/R-induced metabolic acidosis and intestinal damage, which was associated with better mortality, possibly by preserving microvascular perfusion and maintaining oxygen metabolism.

We previously demonstrated that intracerebroventricular injection of the glutamate analog AMPA in rats at postnatal day 7 (P7) caused bilateral periventricular gray and white matter injury.

METHODS: A questionnaire was used to assess the impact of FDG PET scan on diagnosis, management and clinical decision-making processes for epilepsy surgery from the managing clinician's perspective.

FDG PET had either a minor or a major impact on clinical management in 58 patients (51%), principally with regard to surgical candidacy.

We report on febrile episodes occurring among 379 patients affected by chronic lymphocytic leukemia, observed from 1984 to 2002.

One hundred and twenty eight patients (33.7%) developed 341 febrile episodes, of which 251 were documented infections (82 severe and 169 moderate).

Although no pathological changes could be identified by radiography of the chest, electrocardiography, or routine echocardiography, the assessment of diastolic function with Doppler echocardiography revealed left ventricular diastolic dysfunction.

Overnight incubation with 1 microM safrole did not alter cell proliferation, but incubation with 10-1000 microM safrole increased cell proliferation by 60+/-10%.

Effects of human soluble BAFF synthesized in Escherichia coli on CD4+ and CD8+ T lymphocytes as well as NK cells in mice.

On the 8th day after injection, we investigated the effects of hsBAFF on immune functional activities of splenic B lymphocytes, CD4(+) and CD8(+) T lymphocytes and natural killer (NK) cells in mice.

Wnt/beta-catenin signaling inhibits death receptor-mediated apoptosis and promotes invasive growth of HNSCC.

The Wnt/beta-catenin signaling pathway plays a critical role in cell proliferation and oncogenesis.

CONCLUSIONS: Pre-emptive therapy with oral valganciclovir for CMV infections detected by PCR in either plasma or bronchoalveolar lavage after lung transplantation seems to be efficacious and safe.

Veratridine depolarises neurons consequently causing epithelial anion secretion across mouse colon mucosa.

The enhanced veratridine response observed in +/+ tissue following BIIE0246, indicates that Y(2) receptors are located on submucosal neurons and that their activation by NPY will inhibit enteric noncholinergic secretory neurotransmission.

Although the medical management of SLE is not sufficient to warrant long-term survival of young patients, recent progress in anti-cytokine biologics therapy against rheumatoid arthritis (RA) has facilitated searching for the molecular targets of SLE.

In this report, we briefly review the molecular basis of SLE pathogenesis, and discuss possible therapeutic targets in this disease, focusing particularly on signal transduction and adhesion molecules in T cells.

It is concluded that the mGlu5 receptor antagonist MPEP potently inhibits transient lower esophageal sphincter relaxations and that the mGlu5 receptor is a potential target for treatment of gastroesophageal reflux disease.

Elevated plasma homocysteine concentrations as a predictor of steatohepatitis in patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.

BACKGROUND: Although steatosis is common in patients with severe hyperhomocysteinemia due to deficiency of cystathionine beta-synthase, there are no satisfactory data on homocysteine concentrations in patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.

CONCLUSIONS: The plasma homocysteine concentrations were significantly higher in patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, while the concentrations were not affected by chronic viral hepatitis.

In preterm lambs, intraamniotic endotoxin and interleukin 1 (IL-1) induce lung inflammation followed by lung maturation.

METHODS: Lung inflammation was induced by intraamniotic injection of endotoxin or IL-1.

MATERIAL AND METHODS: Twenty-one channel EEG of 21 patients with Down syndrome and 21 normal children, with ages ranging from 1 to 8 years, were submitted to quantitative analysis EEG of discharge-free epochs.

In earlier studies, detection of circulating DNA has been investigated for the detection of various forms of cancer.

In the case of pregnancies, detection of fetal DNA in maternal plasma is a useful tool for detecting and monitoring certain fetal diseases and pregnancy-associated complications.

Male Wistar rats were treated with L-thyroxin (25 microg/100 g, sc, od) for fourteen days, while normal rats served as controls.

As shown by real-time quantitative reverse-transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR), EPC stimulation by SFLLRN significantly enhanced the mRNA expression of SDF-1 and its receptor CXCR-4.

PAR-1 stimulation by SFLLRN also increased the formation of capillary-like structures by EPC in Matrigel, and this effect was abrogated by anti-CXCR-4, anti-SDF-1, and MEK inhibitor pretreatment.

CONCLUSIONS: Human EPCs express functional PAR-1.

Results indicate that the cardio-respiratory depression evoked by anandamide administered via the peripheral circulation requires intact supranodose vagi.

BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: To describe the timings and ranges of linear displacements of the pelvis and feet occurring in a healthy older population when stepping up onto a step, and to describe variations noted in a small sample of subjects with hemiplegia.

Effect of Gui Zhi decoction on enteric mucosal immune in mice with collagen-induced arthritis.

Simultaneous enantioselective determination of amphetamine and congeners in hair specimens by negative chemical ionization gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.

The enantiomeric ratios (R versus S) of AM, MA, MDA, MDMA and MDEA were determined in hair from suspected amphetamine abusers.

Modulation of ADAMTS13 secretion and specific activity by a combination of common amino acid polymorphisms and a missense mutation.

Sequence analysis of the ADAMTS13 locus of 2 patients with hereditary thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura (TTP) revealed the homozygous presence of 4 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) (R7W, Q448E, P618A, A732V) and a rare missense mutation (R1336W).

Denervation was performed by cutting the sciatic nerve.

CONCLUSIONS: Manifestations of SS disease differ in malarial areas and it is questionable whether interventions developed in non-malarial areas apply.

Grey shows an autosomal dominant inheritance and the locus has previously been mapped to horse chromosome 25 (ECA25), around the TXN gene.

BACKGROUND: The relative effectiveness of second-generation (atypical) antipsychotic drugs as compared with that of older agents has been incompletely addressed, though newer agents are currently used far more commonly.

High grade primary breast lymphoma: is it a different clinical entity?

Primary lymphoma of the breast (PBL) is a rare neoplasm, its outcome remains unclear compared to other lymphomas.

In conclusion, the AM extract produced a very weak effect on the prevention of bone loss induced by OVX and Ca deficiency in rats, but was similar to the results observed with alendronate.

Prevalence and diagnosis of schizophrenia based on register, case record and interview data in an isolated Finnish birth cohort born 1940-1969.

RESULTS: The register-based lifetime prevalence was 1.5% for schizophrenia and 1.9% for schizophrenia spectrum psychotic disorders: in birth cohorts born 1945 to 1959, the latter prevalence was especially high (2.4%).

BACKGROUND: Off-pump, closed, beating heart, minimally-invasive surgery in patients with lone atrial fibrillation (AF) must be effective to become the preferred alternative to catheter ablation.

Several nuclear and cytoplasmic proteins in metazoans are modified by O-linked N-acetylglucosamine (O-GlcNAc).

Mutations in the SCA10 gene cause progressive cerebellar ataxias and seizures.

We demonstrate that SCA10 interacts with OGT in vivo and is modified by O-linked glycosylation in MIN6 cells, suggesting a novel role for the Ataxin-10 protein in pancreatic beta cells.

Patients with severe MDRPA infections should be treated with combination therapy, consisting of an antipseudomonal beta-lactam with an aminoglycoside or fluoroquinolone rather than aminoglycoside and fluoroquinolone combinations, to provide adequate therapy and improve patient outcomes.

Killer cell immunoglobulin-like receptors (KIRs) belong to a diverse family of natural killer (NK) cell receptors recognizing human leukocyte antigen (HLA) class I molecules.

Can transthoracic echocardiography with subcostal view predict abdominal aortic atherosclerosis?

TTE correlated with TEE grading with an r = 0.42 (P = 0.0001) for patients (n = 75) with adequate TTE and r = 0.32 (P = 0.001) for all patients (n = 100), including those with suboptimal TTE images.

METHODS: Nine patients with ALS were randomly assigned to receive either a high dose (3 microg/kg of body weight) or low dose (0.5 microg/kg of body weight) of IGF-1 every 2 weeks for 40 weeks.

RESULTS: The high-dose treatment slowed a decline of motor functions of the ALS patients in total Norris and limb Norris scales, but not in bulbar Norris or vital capacity.

We recently showed that the atypical PKC (aPKC) isozyme PKCiota is overexpressed in human non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) cells and that PKCiota plays a critical role in the transformed growth of the human lung adenocarcinoma A549 cell line in vitro and tumorigenicity in vivo.

Here we provide compelling evidence that PKCiota is an oncogene in NSCLC based on the following criteria: (a) aPKCiota is overexpressed in the vast majority of primary NSCLC tumors; (b) tumor PKCiota expression levels predict poor survival in patients with NSCLC; (c) the PKCiota gene is frequently amplified in established NSCLC cell lines and primary NSCLC tumors; (d) gene amplification drives PKCiota expression in NSCLC cell lines and primary NSCLC tumors; and (e) disruption of PKCiota signaling with a dominant negative PKCiota allele blocks the transformed growth of human NSCLC cells harboring PKCiota gene amplification.

Ipsapirone and ketanserin protects against circulatory shock, intracranial hypertension, and cerebral ischemia during heatstroke.

In the cells of CHO and bone marrow treated with aloe, glutathione (GSH) levels were shown to be higher and extracellular discharge rate increased as incubation time with aloe rose.

MDR1 and MRP2 gene were more expressed in Hepa c cells than in NTCC cells, but there was no change in BCRP gene expression.

Cytochrome b5 reductase (cb5r), a member of the ferredoxin:NADP+ reductase family of flavoprotein transhydrogenases, catalyzes the NADH-dependent reduction of cytochrome b5.

The presence of glucosylceramide has been confirmed in some yeast; however, the extent of the role of glucosylceramide in yeast is unknown.

Thus, the extent of presence of glucosylceramide in yeast was surveyed using 90 strains of 24 genera.

It has been shown that EP2 plays a critical role in tumorigenesis in mouse mammary gland and colon.

This cancer presents in younger patients and at a more advanced stage.

Recent applications of CAbs with clinical significance include the conversion of cocaine to a non-psychoactive form, the degradation of nicotine, activation of prodrugs for targeted chemotherapy, protection from ultraviolet radiation, inhibition of HIV infectivity, and the destruction of aggregates of beta-amyloid implicated in Alzheimer's disease.

Compared with placebo, candesartan therapy significantly lowered plasma hsCRP levels relative to baseline measurements from 1.10 to 0.70 mg/l (P=0.024) and soluble CD40 ligand levels by 30+/-11% (P<0.001).

CONCLUSIONS: Candesartan therapy significantly reduced inflammation and increased adiponectin levels and improved insulin sensitivity in hypertensive patients.

Germ-line or somatic mutations were found in 5 of 42 sequenced microRNAs in 11 of 75 patients with CLL, but no such mutations were found in 160 subjects without cancer (P<0.001).

Adherens junctions and more specifically cadherins play an important role in endothelial cell integrity and growth and, in general, in vascular morphogenesis.

N-cadherin is also abundantly expressed in the endothelium and may be important in modulating VE-cadherin expression.

RESULTS: Subjects seronegative to hepatitis A were vaccinated with hepatitis A antigen.

METHODS: After venous blood sampling, subjects (16 CFS patients) performed a maximal exercise stress test on a bicycle ergometer with continuous monitoring of cardiorespiratory variables.

CONCLUSION: These data provide evidence for an association between intracellular immune deregulation and exercise performance in patients with CFS.

Whether the change in behaviour is related to opioid-induced sedation or to insufficient pain relief remains to be investigated.

Cadmium and lead contamination in japonica rice grains and its variation among the different locations in southeast China.

On the basis of a large-scale survey with 269 sampling sites and a field experiment with 12 cultivars grown at 3 ecologically different locations, Cadmium (Cd) and lead (Pb) contamination in milled rice grains and its variation among different locations were investigated in the area of southeast China.

Regional wall motion assessed by circumferential shortening velocity suggested enhanced circumferential fiber contractility in the Ren-2 rats (P = 0.02), but tissue Doppler imaging, used to assess longitudinal function, was not different between groups.

Secretion of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin-8 (IL-8) and IL-6 in supernatants from HMC-1 cells was measured by a sandwich enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay.

Significantly reduced levels (p < 0.05) of TNF-alpha, IL-8 and IL-6 were observed in the human mast cell line with SPS and SPS components.

CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that SPS has an inhibitory effect on atopic allergic reaction and this might be useful for the clinical application to treat allergic diseases such as AD.

The present study was designed to evaluate the effects of long-term use of aqueous extract of gutkha (a form of smokeless tobacco) on the antioxidant defense status and histopathological changes in liver, lung, and kidney of male Wistar rats.

Histopathological findings suggest that administration of AEST at the high dose for 2 weeks or at the low dose for 32 weeks could cause mild to moderate inflammation in liver and lungs.

In Turkey, a country with high incidence rates of goiter due to iodine deficiency, the frequency of mutations in the thyrotropin receptor signal transduction pathway has not been evaluated up to now.

In conclusion, the frequency of mutations in the cAMP signal transduction pathway was found to be lower than expected in the Turkish population most likely because of the use of SSCP as a screening method and sequencing only a part of TSHR exon 10.

It was suggested that individuals seroconverting later in calendar time were more likely to have TDR (relative risk 3.89 and 95% CI: 0.84 to 18.02, and relative risk 4.69 and 95% CI: 1.03 to 21.31, for 1996-1999 and 2000-2003, respectively, compared with pre-1996; P trend = 0.08).

The total estimated proportion of individuals with TDR varied between 10.3% and 15.5% according to which definition was used.

A commercial stent, nominally 4.4 mm in diameter and 12 mm in length, was used for a phantom study and placed along the length of the integrated balloon ultrasound catheter.

The U2 subgroup was associated with overexpression of genes involved in T-cell activation and apoptosis, including NFKB1 and BCL-2.

METHODS: This study initially surveyed 163 patients with clinical stage Ib or IIa cervical adenocarcinoma treated with radical hysterectomy and pelvic lymphadenectomy.

Of the 163 patients, 116 had preoperative serum CA125 levels, and 14 had pelvic lymph node metastasis.

Our data suggest that the three closely related fission yeast Rho-GEF molecules perform two distinct essential functions.

ATP-activated currents were studied in Leydig cells of mice with the patch-clamp technique.

This can be concluded from their precipitation with the sera against the bovine serum proteins in the immunoelectrophoresis test.

The interaction of HGF with c-met, a receptor tyrosine kinase expressed by many cells, is important in cell growth, migration, and formation of endothelial and epithelial tubes.

Here we show that chymases, which are chymotryptic peptidases secreted by mast cells, hydrolyze HGF, thereby abolishing scatter factor activity while generating an NK4-like antagonist of HGF scatter factor activity.

Mast cell/neutrophil cathepsin G and neutrophil elastase generate similar fragments of HGF by cleaving near the chymase site.

Low-dose anticoagulation in Chinese patients with mechanical heart valves.

Cystitis, urethritis and pyelonephritis in cattle most commonly result from ascending urinary tract infection with Corynebacterium renale, Corynebacterium cystidis, Corynebacterium pilosum or Escherichia coli.

We describe the clinical, bacteriological, clinical-pathological and epidemiological findings in a dairy cattle herd with urinary tract infection (UTI).

Transcript levels for factors involved in mitochondrial biogenesis (PGC-1alpha, Tfam), mitochondrial function (COX-1, COX-4), control of contractile phenotype (MyHC I, IIa, IIx) as well as mechanical stress marker (IGF-I) were quantified using an reverse-transcriptase polymerase chain reaction approach.

BACKGROUND: An association between renal hemodynamic dysfunction and coronary artery disease (CAD) has been documented in chronic renal failure; however, no information is available in CAD patients with normal glomerular filtration rate (GFR).

CONCLUSION: In CAD patients with normal GFR, reduction in renal perfusion and absence of renal functional reserve likely represent early markers of progressive renal dysfunction.

Cytochrome c6 has long been known as a redox carrier of the thylakoid lumen of cyanobacteria and some eukaryotic algae that can substitute for plastocyanin in electron transfer.

Findings were confirmed by histological results of a biopsy if rejection, tumor, or acute tubular necrosis were suspected.

Features of the clear zone of odontoclasts in the Chinook salmon (Oncorhynchus tshawytscha).

This study aims to clarify the features of the clear zone of odontoclasts on shedding teeth of a teleost fish, Chinook salmon, Oncorhynchus tshawytscha (Walbaum), using a light microscope to determine the orientation between a cell body and a resorptive lacuna, followed by transmission electron microscopy.

[Ovarian hyperstimulation induced by a GnRH agonist. About one case].

After eyelid closure in young animals (monocular deprivation, MD), visual cortical neurons become dominated by the open eye, a phenomenon known as ocular dominance (OD) plasticity . 

The main site for ROS production is the respiratory chain inside the mitochondria and accumulation of mtDNA mutations, and impaired respiratory chain function have been associated with degenerative diseases and aging.

OBJECTIVE: To study the microbial characteristics of patients with pelvic inflammatory disease (PID) and the possible impact of an intrauterine device (IUD) on the microbial environment in women presenting with PID.

Additional findings included paraesophageal hiatus hernia containing squames, urethral atresia, absence of vulva, lung hypoplasia, mild hypoplasia of the corpus callosum, and short umbilical cord with single umbilical artery (SUA).

We demonstrate in vitro and in vivo that the ahg3-1 missense mutation causes the loss of PP2C activity, providing concrete confirmation that this PP2C functions as a negative regulator in ABA signaling.

METHODS: Dynamic 133Xe SPECT was performed in 34 patients with emphysema and 15 patients with other forms of COPD.

We used this procedure concomitantly with valve surgery in 84 patients.

Anteroposterior pelvic radiographs were obtained before and after PCCD application, and after definitive stabilization.

CONCLUSION: Factors associated with breast density in older, post-menopausal women differ from traditional breast cancer risk factors and from factors associated with breast density in pre-menopausal and younger post-menopausal women.

Intraclass correlations coefficients (R) were used as an index of day-to-day reproducibility, and analyses were conducted on all participants and only those with tetraplegia.

The fertilization calcium wave is then set into the context of cell cycle control, and the mechanism of repetitive calcium spiking in mammalian eggs is investigated.

Evidence that the Wingless/calcium signaling pathway is a strong ventralizing signal in Xenopus, mediated by phosphoinositide signaling, is adumbrated.

A total of 19.6% of patients were not aware of their penile deformities in the diabetic group.

Erectile function, provided by history and in response to intracavernosal injection and a stimulation test, was significantly diminished in patients with PD and DM (P < 0.05).

PD seems to be a silent consequence of DM and should be actively sought in diabetic men.

The placental isozyme (PLAP) is an oncofetal antigen expressed in several malignancies including choriocarcinoma, seminoma and ovarian carcinoma.

METHODS: We analyzed the mRNA expression of Ccm1 and Ccm2 in the embryonic and postnatal mouse brain by in situ hybridization.

Subsequently, we generated CCM2-specific polyclonal antibodies and tested their specificity using transient transfection experiments in various cell lines.

We then investigated CCM2 protein expression in cerebral and extracerebral tissues by Western blot analysis as well as immunohistochemistry and compared these results with CCM1 (KRIT1) protein expression.

Thus, the findings indicated that it would be safe for a patient with these implants to undergo MRI at 3 T or lower.

Anterior uveitis and iris nodules that are associated with Langerhans cell histiocytosis.

RESULTS: An 18-year-old male patient with unilateral anterior segment inflammation and iris nodules experienced visual improvement from 20/200 to 20/25 after treatment with a 5-day course of topical corticosteroids.

In pure cultures, the phospholipid fatty acid (PLFA) composition was strongly influenced by both the carbon source and the growth phase.

Recurrence of glomerulopathy underlying ESRD was frequent for IgAN, FSG, and MCGN, but this was rarely seen in membranous GN.

Manometry showed a higher anal sphincter resting pressure and a lower critical volume in food intolerance patients than in the others suffering from constipation unrelated to food intolerance.

CONCLUSIONS: Food intolerance-related constipation is characterized by proctitis.

Cell cycle progression in Caulobacter is driven by the master transcriptional regulators CtrA and GcrA.

Splenic lymphocytes or purified B-cells obtained from BALB/c mice were cultured with various combinations of IL-4, anti-CD40 antibody, and PAM-extract for 7 days.

These reveal the viral morphology with unprecedented clarity and suggest the following mechanism for core formation inside the extracellular virion: core growth initiates at the narrow end of the cone and proceeds toward the distal side of the virion until limited by the viral membrane.

Our research explored risk factors for participation restrictions experienced by people affected by leprosy.

Treatment of refractory pseudomonas aeruginosa exit-site infection by simultaneous removal and reinsertion of peritoneal dialysis catheter.

RESULTS: Over a 10-year period, 37 CAPD patients underwent the operation.

Phenotype of early cardiomyopathic changes induced by active immunization of rats with a synthetic peptide corresponding to the second extracellular loop of the human beta-adrenergic receptor.

In the failing human heart, due to idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy, it has been suggested that the beta1-adrenergic receptor (beta1AR) is a potential pathogenic autoantigen.

One patient was successfully cured by steroid therapy, while the other did not respond to steroid but oral mesalazine was effective.

Systemic lupus erythematosus is frequently accompanied by gastrointestinal symptoms, but colonic lesions are quite rare, and the regular treatment is not fixed yet.

Direct visualization of the human subthalamic nucleus with 3T MR imaging.

METHODS: We performed preoperative stereotactic MR imaging at 3T to visualize the STN in 13 patients undergoing deep-brain stimulation for PD.

CONCLUSION: 3T MR imaging appears to be an excellent tool for reliable and accurate direct visualization of the human STN, necessary for precise surgical targeting.

Treatment with amlodipine, independently of blood pressure lowering, reduced atherosclerosis development in E3L/CRP mice.

To test this hypothesis, we investigated the combined effects of environmental conditions and inbreeding on fitness in the self-fertile snail Lymnaea stagnalis, using a stress gradient (0-2) applied to a 100 isolated and paired lineages: laboratory control (0), outdoor microcosm control (1) and pesticide exposure under outdoor microcosm conditions (2).

58% of the patients had unilateral prostate cancer, 42% bilateral.

1 patient suffered injury of the mucosa at the prostatic urethra, which did not result in rectal fistula and was treated with bladder catheter for 3 months.

The aim of this study was to isolate and characterize synovial cells from the human temporomandibular joint (TMJ).

We here report the implementation of a new, telemetric, infrared-video gaze-tracker to measure visual orienting in freely moving, socially housed prosimian primates (Lemur catta).

IFN-alpha profoundly alters cytoskeletal organization of hairy cells and causes reversion of the hairy appearance into a rounded morphology.

Because cytoskeletal rearrangements are controlled by the Rho family of GTPases, we investigated the GTPase activation status in hairy cells and their regulation by IFN-alpha.

In sharp contrast, RhoA activity was low in hairy cells but was increased by IFN-alpha treatment.

The secretion of uterine luminal fluid initially provides a transport and support medium for spermatozoa and unimplanted embryos, while the absorption of uterine luminal fluid in early pregnancy results in the closure of the lumen and allows blastocysts to establish intimate contact with the uterine epithelium.

Is a dual-sensor pacemaker appropriate in patients with sino-atrial disease?

Promoters and their regulation in Ustilago maydis and other phytopathogenic fungi.

In Ustilago maydis, central players of pathogenic development are the high mobility group box protein Prf1 that binds to the pheromone response element and the homeodomain transcription factor b, which recognizes an hsg-like consensus motif known from yeast Mata1-Matalpha2 DNA binding.

Selection of optimal adjuvant endocrine therapy for early-stage breast cancer.

Decades later, the discovery that estrogen plays a central role in this process eventually led to two important consequences: first, different modalities were developed to suppress or antagonize estrogen; and second, the ability to detect estrogen receptor in breast cancer tissue became a predictor of response to treatment--probably the best marker for response among all solid tumors.

Tamoxifen, which works by competitively antagonizing hormonal receptors in breast cancer cells, has been for the past three decades the standard of care for adjuvant therapy for any woman with hormone receptor-positive early breast cancer, regardless of nodal status or menopausal setting.

There were 54 trauma and 83 non-trauma patients.

In HIV-positive surgical patients, CD4 counts have no relation to in-hospital outcome in a heterogeneous group of surgical patients.

BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Butyrate enemas have been shown to be effective in treatment of ulcerative colitis, but the mechanism of the effects of butyrate is not totally known.

In analysing surgical tissue samples of NSCLC, we found that expression of MKP1/CL100, a negative regulator of JNK, showed a strong nuclear staining for tumor cells, whereas, in normal bronchial epithelia, MKP1 was localized in the cytoplasm as well as in nuclei.

Expressing a small-interfering RNA (siRNA) vector for MKP1 in H-460 cells resulted in a more efficient activation by cisplatin of JNK and p38 than in the parental cells, and this correlated with a 10-fold increase in sensitivity to cisplatin.

Overall, the results showed that inhibition of MKP1 expression contributes to a slow down in cell growth in mice and an increase of cisplatin-induced cell death in NSCLC.

Rho signaling via ROCK has been previously shown either to activate or to downregulate PI3K/Akt.

DISCUSSION: Hierarchic severity levels, sum score of disability, and preceding changes in disability status are risk factors for depressive symptoms.

Balloon dilatation resulted in complete elimination of the stricture in 44/82 (54%) and a reduction in the stricture in 32/82 (39%) and no improvement in 6/82 (7%).

DESIGN: Participants with Down's syndrome (N=26) were compared with non-Down syndrome learning disabled participants (N=26).

Immunohistochemical determination of estrogen receptor-alpha in vaginal and tumor tissues of healthy and TVT-affected bitches and their relation to serum concentrations of estradiol-17beta and progesterone.

One of the most frequent canine neoplasms is the transmissible venereal tumor (TVT), which affects the male and the female genital tract.

Although some samples had expression in the endothelium of blood vessels, no ER-alpha expression was observed in neoplastic tissues.

Five eyes (7%) had transient increase of IOP controlled by topical antiglaucomatous medications.

Organophosphates were implicated in 70.9% of all fatalities, with over 20% resulting from oral exposure to rat poison (RP).

CONCLUSION: Organophosphates and rat poison (RP) are the leading causes of APP admissions to major referral hospitals in Zimbabwe, with most of the admissions being the result of deliberate self-poisoning.

In Gilbert's syndrome, genetic alterations are located at the promoter of the gene and accompanied by the nucleotide insert of thymine adenine (TA).

Combined treatment improves overall and disease-free survival in patients with stage II, III and IVA oral tongue cancer.

Thiazolidinediones (TZDs) are peroxisomal proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR)-gamma agonists.

Other, as yet, unapproved uses of TZDs include: non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, in which TZDs reduced hepatic fat accumulation and improved liver function tests; polycystic ovary syndrome, where TZDs improved ovulation, hirsutism and endothelial dysfunction; and lipodystrophies, where TZDs increased body fat (marginally) and decrease liver size.

CONCLUSION: Cu2+ is a significant inducer for lysogenic cyanobacterial cells and consequently would be a potential control agent in the cyanobacteria population in fresh water ecosystems.

In the present study, we examined the expression of the alpha5(IV)/alpha6(IV) chains and the methylation profiles of the bidirectional promoter region of COL4A5/COL4A6 in colon cancer cell lines and colorectal tumor tissues.

The dopamine D3 receptor, which is highly enriched in nucleus accumbens (NAc), has been suggested to play an important role in reinforcement and reward.

Some of these sequences are implicated in various specific cellular events, including meiotic recombination, chromosomal breaks and transcriptional regulation, and also in several human disorders.

In this review, we document the formation of DNA secondary structures by the G-rich repetitive sequences that have been found in several minisatellites, telomeres and in various triplet repeats, and report their effects on in vitro DNA synthesis.

Inhibitors for the Rho target, ROCK, which regulates myosin II activity, and for myosin II ATPase prevented the accumulation of AJ components, indicating that myosin II activity is more directly involved than Rho activity.

Concomitant fractures of the acetabulum and spine: a retrospective review of over 300 patients.

An average 8.6-day delay in diagnosis occurred in three spine fracture patients.

CONCLUSIONS: It is essential that the traumatologists have a high index of suspicion for spine injury, particularly thoracolumbar injury in patients who sustain fractures of the acetabulum.

Reactive oxygen species formation and release of pro-inflammatory/pro-atherogenic cytokines, that is, interleukin 1-beta and tumor necrosis factor-alpha, need the activation of the arachidonic acid cascade via the enzyme 5-lipoxygenase (5-Lox).

Omega-3 may thus protect PBMCs of ESRD patients against oxidative stress.

APL patients carrying these mutations display resistance to retinoic acid (RA) and very poor prognosis.

Mut PML interacts with PML-RARalpha in PML-CB and potentiates PML-RARalpha-mediated inhibition of RA-dependent transcription.

A comparison of dosing regimens of paricalcitol capsule for the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism in CKD stages 3 and 4.

BACKGROUND: Intermittent dosing of calcitriol for secondary hyperparathyroidism (SHPT) has been associated with greater parathyroid hormone (PTH) reduction with fewer calcemic and phosphatemic effects than daily (QD) dosing.

CONCLUSIONS: QD dosing of paricalcitol capsules is as efficacious as TIW dosing in achieving the primary end point (2 consecutive > or = 30% reductions in PTH) in stage 3 and 4 CKD patients with SHPT.

Moreover, the QD regimen had no significant effect on hypercalcemia, hyperphosphatemia or Ca x P product as compared with placebo or intermittent dosing.

Reviewing previously reported cases, all patients diagnosed as DJS before 10 y of age have mutations involving one of the two ATP-binding cassettes (ABC) of the MRP2.

This study suggests that long-term follow-up is indicated for neonatal DJS because of possible recurrence and/or second attacks of jaundice in later life, and that disruption of functionally important ABC domains in MRP2 may be related to the earlier onset of the disease.

CDC2 activity was also found to be higher in siPTHrP-treated cells.

CT pulmonary angiography is the first-line imaging test for acute pulmonary embolism: a survey of US clinicians.

RATIONALE AND OBJECTIVES: Our aim is to document current imaging practices for diagnosing acute pulmonary embolism (PE) among physicians practicing in the United States and explore factors associated with these practices.

METHODS: Flat dentin surfaces were obtained at the facial surface of extracted bovine incisors.

BACKGROUND: Poor outcome in anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction is often related to tunnel position.

In vitro analysis of ISEcp1B-mediated mobilization of naturally occurring beta-lactamase gene blaCTX-M of Kluyvera ascorbata.

Relationship of stopped flow to steady state parameters in the dimeric copper amine oxidase from Hansenula polymorpha and the role of zinc in inhibiting activity at alternate copper-containing subunits.

For conventional slides, participant sensitivity on pure HSIL cases was greatest (98.0%) and on pure LSIL cases was least (95.2%), while participant performance on cases with mixed features was intermediate (97.0% for mixed HSIL and 96.7% for mixed LSIL).

In contrast, participant performance on ThinPrep slides showed the greatest sensitivity for mixed LSIL slides (97.9%), while performance on mixed HSIL slides showed the lowest sensitivity (95.7%); slides with pure features had intermediate sensitivity levels (96.3% for both HSIL and LSIL).

Participant performance on conventional mixed cases is distinctly different from performance on ThinPrep mixed cases.

Calcitonin gene-related peptide inhibits interleukin-1beta-induced endogenous monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 secretion in type II alveolar epithelial cells.

Moreover, CGRP attenuated IL-1beta-induced reactive oxygen species (ROS) formation, the early event in proinflammatory factor signaling.

We previously showed that the CGRP inhibitory effect was mediated by elevated intracellular cAMP and show here that analogs of cAMP, 8-bromoadenosine 3',5'-cyclic monophosphothioate and the Sp isomer of adenosine 3',5'-cyclic monophosphothioate, mimicked the CGRP suppressive effect on IL-1beta-induced ROS formation, NF-kappaB activation, and MCP-1 secretion.

Trimethylation of histone H3K4 and H3K27 at the embryonic/fetal and adult globin gene promoters is equivalent in definitive cells; therefore, the differential binding of EKLF to these promoters does not appear to result from changes in chromatin configuration.

Cohort studies have consistently shown underground miners exposed to high levels of radon to be at excess risk of lung cancer, and extrapolations based on those results indicate that residential radon may be responsible for nearly 10-15% of all lung cancer deaths per year in the United States.

The possibility that a demonstrated lung carcinogen may be present in large numbers of homes raises a serious public health concern.

Findings suggest the value of meditation as an intervention strategy with survivors and demonstrate the need for further research in this area.

Replacement arthroplasty versus internal fixation for extracapsular hip fractures in adults.

BACKGROUND: Internal fixation, commonly used for extracapsular hip fractures, may fail particularly in unstable fractures.

SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomised and quasi-randomised trials comparing replacement arthroplasty with an internal fixation implant for adults with an extracapsular hip fracture.

The count of dead adults and larvae did not show any differences between the treatments, whereas the measurement of sugar water consumption was shown to correlate well with pollination.

Extrapulmonary tuberculosis is presumably a marker of immunodeficiency, but cytokine responses have not been well studied in such patients.

OBJECTIVE: Assess immune defects in persons with previous extrapulmonary tuberculosis.

In this report, we describe the use of customized parascapular free flaps, after standard reconstructive surgeries, for the correction of defects of facial contour in Treacher Collins patients.

METHODS: From June 1995 to December 2003, 8 patients with Treacher Collins syndrome underwent microsurgical correction of facial contour using 16 free flaps.

In the present study, we have shown that KCl known as an inducer for differentiation of neuronal cells increases the human Sia-alpha2,3-Gal-beta1,4-GlcNAc-R:alpha2,8-sialyltransferase (hST8Sia III) gene transcription via phosphoinositide 3 kinase (PI-3K) in glioblastoma U-87MG cells.

The clinical significance of these findings remains undefined, however, especially in view of the fact that small bowel lesions also have been found in about 10% of patients with arthritis not taking nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and in 13.8% of healthy subjects [41,42].

Making these assumptions, we calculated that the diagnosis of either intestinal tuberculosis or Crohn's disease would have been made made correctly in 77 of our 88 patients (87.5 %), incorrectly in seven patients (8.0 %), and would not have been made in four patients (4.5 %).

The sympathetic neurotransmitter norepinephrine has been found to increase mucosal adherence of enterohemorrhagic Escherichia coli O157:H7 in explants of murine cecum and porcine distal colon.

OBJECTIVES: To determine significant correlations between kyphosis and lordosis in Scheuermann kyphosis, determine predictability of spontaneous sagittal lordosis correction after thoracic correction and fusion, and understand better the biomechanics of the spine.

(1)H-NMR structures and photoaffinity labeling of the Torpedo californica nicotinic acetylcholine receptor.

AIM: The aim of this study was to analyse chromosomal alterations in patients with azoospermia.

Older populations are more prone to bone loss with weight loss; in women, this is due at least in part to a reduced dietary Ca intake and/or efficiency of absorption.

Potential hormonal mechanisms regulating bone loss during weight loss are discussed, including decreases in estrogen, leptin, glucagon-like peptide-2, growth hormone, and insulin-like growth factor-1, or an increase in cortisol.

CONCLUSION: This high-confidence characterization of seminal plasma content provides an inventory of proteins with potential roles in fertilization.

The rat glioma cells were transfected with constructed pGenesil-1-shRNA plasmid and scrambled plasmid.

The mean tumor size was 2.18 cm, smaller than the proposed for malignant criteria, and none of the eight patients (0%) had any symptoms of hypercalcemia at the time of diagnosis.

Seven of eight patients (87.5%) had frank signs of invasion together with other histological features, and two patients had associated papillary carcinoma of the thyroid.

On the other hand, 17 patients with benign histology had tumors greater than 3 cm, and an additional 18 had palpable masses on physical examination.

Our study includes 711 systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) patients and 755 healthy controls.

Parturition in the rat: a physiological pain model.

Finally, epidural morphine (30 microg/10 microl) in oxytocin-treated rats, although resulting in no change of labor duration, significantly decreased the number of stretches (8 +/- 2 vs. 57 +/- 12 for epidural saline) and the number of c-Fos-positive neurons in the lumbosacral spinal segments (80 +/- 25 vs. 165 +/- 17 for epidural saline).

Two applications of moxidectin completely prevented pre-natal and lactogenic infections in the puppies.

After additional administration of heparin, platelet inhibition was only comparable for the glass bead test with heparinase and aggregometry, and the correlation coefficient remained unchanged for the glass bead test with heparinase versus aggregometry (rho = 0.878, P < .001).

However, in heparinized blood the glass bead test with heparinase is essential to accurately assess platelet function.

OBJECTIVE: To explore the impact of hydrogen sulfide (H2S) donor, sodium hydrosulfide (NaHS), on pulmonary vascular structure and vasoactive peptides in rats with pulmonary hypertension induced by high pulmonary blood flow.

The morphologic changes including micro-and ultra-structural changes of pulmonary arteries of rats were observed under optical microscope and electro-microscope, respectively.

The probasal bodies and microtubules within the blepharoplast cavities are labeled with antibodies specific to acetylated tubulin.

Positive but weak reactions of the blepharoplast core occur with the centrosomereactive antibodies MPM-2 and C-9.

X-linked adrenoleukodystrophy (X-ALD) is a peroxisomal disorder biochemically characterized by the accumulation of very long chain fatty acids (VLCFA), particularly hexacosanoic acid (C(26:0)) and tetracosanoic acid (C(24:0)), in tissues and biological fluids.

Although patients affected by this disorder predominantly present central and peripheral demyelination as well as adrenal insufficiency, the mechanisms underlying the brain damage in X-ALD are poorly known.

Similarly, the antioxidant enzyme activities CAT, SOD and GPx were not altered in erythrocyte from X-ALD patients as compared to controls.

PURPOSE: To describe the ophthalmic findings in patients with Danon disease, an X-linked condition causing cardiomyopathy in males and females.

Experiment with a moving physical phantom was then carried out to demonstrate the accuracy of the proposed method and the increase of signal-to-noise ratio over three-dimensional PET.

PURPOSE: To address early and late treatment failures in older patients with diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL), we designed a two-stage randomized trial of cyclophosphamide, doxorubicin, vincristine, and prednisone (CHOP) versus rituximab plus CHOP (R-CHOP), with a second random assignment to maintenance rituximab (MR) or observation in responding patients.

Enhanced detection and typing of human papillomavirus (HPV) DNA in anogenital samples with PGMY primers and the Linear array HPV genotyping test.

HPV DNA was detected in 433 (82.0%) and 458 (86.7%) samples with PGMY-LB and LA-HPV (P = 0.047), respectively, for an excellent agreement of 93.8% (kappa = 0.76).

However, the current study demonstrates that oral administration of dibutyl phthalate (DBP) to female Long Evans (LE) hooded rats from weaning, through puberty, mating, and gestation disrupts pregnancy maintenance at dose levels similar to those that affect testis function in male rats.

Administration of 500 and 1000 mg DBP/kg/day, but not 250 mg DBP/kg/day, to female LE rats induced midpregnancy abortions.

Autogenic training for tension type headaches: a systematic review of controlled trials.

Further studies should investigate the use of standard autogenic training in patients with moderate headache.

Accordingly, our results may help in understanding the positive consequences of ketogenic or calorie-restricted diets in persons with seizures.

This clinical review article is intended to analyze the outcome of management of a group of 22 ACC patients, who were treated in our clinic.

CONCLUSIONS: The most proper method of treatment for ACC seems to be radical resection combined with radiotherapy.

Straight chain alkanols such as 1-butanol, 1-pentanol and 1-hexanol in water at certain ratios were effective solvent systems.

The aims of this study were to evaluate expression levels of NF-kappaB in nonsmall-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and to elucidate its clinical significance and prognostic value for patients with NSCLC.

Overexpression of NF-kappaB inhibits tumor cell apoptosis and indicates an unfavorable prognosis for overall survival in some patients with NSCLC.

This laboratory experiment studied the effects of a thermal-insulating mouse pad on arm temperature and comfort during computer work.

Multiple regression analysis revealed the duration of illness to be a risk factor for renal function deterioration in AN patients (r=0.580, p<0.001).

OBJECTIVE: We report a case of a choroid plexus vascular malformation of the cerebral aqueduct, third, and fourth ventricles of an adolescent female that was resected with endoscopic assistance.

Subsequent magnetic resonance imaging scans with and without contrast revealed an enhancing mass originating in the third ventricle, traversing the cerebral aqueduct, and terminating in the fourth ventricle.

CONCLUSION: Choroid plexus vascular malformations can exist intraventricularly and can be confused with a neoplasm.

Many resident and immigrant inflammatory cells, including intraepithelial neutrophils, were IL-8 receptor A positive.

Posture disorders and morphofunctional defect were studied in 44 patients with cerebral insult using computer anthropometry.

Biphasic versus triphasic oral contraceptives for contraception.

A suggested disadvantage of biphasic compared to triphasic oral contraceptive pills is an increase in breakthrough bleeding.

In contrast, cycle control with the biphasic pill was comparable to that of the triphasic containing the same progestin (norethindrone).

A retrospective study of prenatal, natal and postnatal data of pregnant women who had fetal echocardiography at Siriraj Hospital, Bangkok, Thailand, from January 1999 to July 2005 was conducted.

Pregnancies resulting from a spontaneous ovulation and fertilization are extremely rare in women with Turner syndrome.

The effectivity analysis of accumulation of liposomal, micellar, and water-soluble forms of diminazene in cells and in organs.

Phase II study of recombinant human endostatin in patients with advanced neuroendocrine tumors.

PATIENTS AND METHODS: Forty-two patients with advanced pancreatic endocrine tumors or carcinoid tumors were treated with rhEndostatin administered as a bid subcutaneous injection at a starting dose of 60 mg/m2/d.

We have recently shown that melatonin decreases the late (24 hr) increase in blood-brain barrier (BBB) permeability and the risk of tissue plasminogen activator-induced hemorrhagic transformation following ischemic stroke in mice.

In the study, we further explored whether melatonin would reduce postischemic neurovascular oxidative/nitrosative damage and, therefore, improve preservation of the early increase in the BBB permeability at 4 hr after transient focal cerebral ischemia for 60 min in mice.

OBJECTIVE: To explore the hypothesis that high ghrelin levels contribute to obesity in Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS), we assessed whether the increased levels observed in older persons with PWS exist in very young children, before the onset of hyperphagia.

PWS and control groups also had equivalent fasting levels of total ghrelin (787 +/- 242 vs 716 +/- 135 pg/mL, respectively; P = .24), bioactive ghrelin (102 +/- 35 vs 91 +/- 23 pg/mL; P = .45), insulin, and glucose.

CONCLUSIONS: Children <5 years of age with PWS, who had not yet developed hyperphagia or excessive obesity, had normal ghrelin levels, in contrast with the hyperghrelinemia of older, hyperphagic people with PWS.

We report 4 cases of children presenting with a cerebral hydatid cyst (2 boys and 2 girls, mean age 9 years).

Diffuse atherosclerosis entails a 15-30% risk of plaques on renal arteries (ARAS), with a correlation with coronary atherosclerosis.

MATERIAL AND METHODS: Peri-implantitis was induced by ligature placement in five beagle dogs (n = 30 implants).

Beta 4 integrin amplifies ErbB2 signaling to promote mammary tumorigenesis.

Therefore, we investigated the effects of G-CSF administration on mobilization and functional activities of blood-derived EPC in patients with chronic ischemic heart disease (CIHD).

METHODS AND RESULTS: Sixteen patients with CIHD received 10 microg/kg per day subcutaneous G-CSF injection for 5 days.

From this review, it appears that BTX-A injection into the detrusor muscle is a very effective method for treating urinary incontinence secondary to neurogenic detrusor overactivity (NDO), as well as urinary incontinence due to idiopathic overactive bladder (IDO).

Professional treatment seeking was very low and may be related to specific pain behaviors and effective coping strategies in this ethnic group.

The synthetic cannabinoid WIN 55,212-2 increases COX-2 expression and PGE2 release in murine brain-derived endothelial cells following Theiler's virus infection.

The fact that cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) expression in brain endothelium mediates a wide variety of actions during CNS inflammatory diseases such as MS, and that cannabinoids ameliorate the progression of TMEV-IDD, lead us to investigate the role of cannabinoids on COX-2 expression on murine brain endothelial cell cultures subjected or not to TMEV infection.

TMEV infection of murine brain endothelial cell cultures induced a significant increase of COX-2 expression at 8h, which was maintained even increased, at 20 and 32h post-infection.

CONCLUSION: The results we obtained with the mini-laparotomic incision are comparable to previous reports of the standard incision, also by our group, though with a lower need for postoperative analgesia.

The present study evaluated soluble plasma osteopontin in 32 patients with echocardiographically determined rheumatic mitral stenosis and compared the results to those of a control group of 22 healthy patients.

Elevated levels of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein concentrations suggest the presence of ongoing inflammation in those patients.

Selective Internal Radiation Therapy (SIRT) for liver metastases secondary to colorectal adenocarcinoma.

It is FDA approved for liver metastases secondary to colorectal carcinoma and is under investigation for treatment of other liver malignancies, such as hepatocellular carcinoma and neuroendocrine malignancies.

Ex vivo analyses have shown that microspheres preferentially cluster around the periphery of tumor nodules with a high tumor:normal tissue ratio of up to 200:1.

CONCLUSIONS: The high success rate of this treatment supports the tentative diagnosis of oviducal obstruction in these mares and indicates that blockage of the mare's oviducts may occur in the form of a moveable accumulation of debris rather than from permanent fibrous adhesions resulting from salpingitis.

This rule has the potential to improve and standardise the care of children presenting with head injuries.

Dystonic reactions (mainly involving oculomotor cranial nerves and limbs) in operated patients (especially carriers of deep brain stimulation (DBS) devices) are increasingly being reported, constituting a new type of dystonia in patients with Parkinson's disease: dystonia linked to surgical treatment.

Our result indicates that DYRK1A could be a key molecule bridging between beta-amyloid production and tau phosphorylation in AD.

Lobular neoplasia is a relatively uncommon lesion, which is frequently diagnosed in biopsy specimens taken for other reasons.

Cytokeratin autoantibodies: useful serologic markers for toluene diisocyanate-induced asthma.

METHODS AND MATERIALS: Nineteen patients with non-small-cell lung cancer who underwent imaging with positron emission tomography (PET) and CT were selected.

High MMP-1 mRNA expression is a risk factor for disease-free and overall survivals in patients with invasive breast carcinoma.

MATERIALS AND METHODS: We assessed the prognostic value of MMP-1 mRNA expression in tumor tissue specimens from 85 breast carcinoma patients with a median follow-up time of 38 months (range, 2-48 months).

